CRIU + Netavark releases (#3)
devzero-inc/dakr-operator-installers: README.md

| Debian | 11, 12 | amd64, arm64 | ✅ Supported |
| CentOS | Stream 9 | amd64, arm64 | ✅ Supported |
| Container-Optimized OS (COS) | stable, beta, dev | amd64, arm64 | 🚧 Under Development |
| Alpine | 3.18, 3.19 | amd64, arm64 | 🚧 Under Development |
| Rocky Linux | 8, 9 | amd64, arm64 | 🚧 Under Development |
| RHEL | 7, 8, 9 | amd64, arm64 | 🚧 Under Development |

> **Note**: CentOS Stream 8 reached End of Life on May 31, 2024 and is no longer supported. Please use CentOS Stream 9, Rocky Linux, or other alternatives.

> **Under Development**: CentOS, Rocky Linux, RHEL, and Container-Optimized OS (COS) support is currently under development. While build configurations exist, these platforms have not been fully tested and verified. Production use is not recommended until testing is complete.

> **Container-Optimized OS (COS)**: Google's Container-Optimized OS is a lightweight, security-focused Linux distribution designed for running containers. Due to its read-only filesystem and minimal package set, CRIU/Netavark compatibility requires extensive testing and may have limitations.

### Quick Start

#### Download Pre-built Binaries

```bash

> # Download for your platform (example: Ubuntu 22.04 amd64)
> wget https://github.com/YOUR_ORG/dakr-operator/releases/latest/download/dakr-snapshot-tools-ubuntu-22.04-amd64.tar.gz
> 
> # Or for other supported platforms
> wget https://github.com/YOUR_ORG/dakr-operator/releases/latest/download/dakr-snapshot-tools-fedora-40-amd64.tar.gz
> wget https://github.com/YOUR_ORG/dakr-operator/releases/latest/download/dakr-snapshot-tools-amazonlinux-2023-amd64.tar.gz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Download for your platform (example: Ubuntu 22.04 amd64)
wget https://github.com/devzero-inc/dakr-operator/releases/latest/download/dakr-snapshot-tools-ubuntu-22.04-amd64.tar.gz

# Or for other supported platforms
wget https://github.com/devzero-inc/dakr-operator/releases/latest/download/dakr-snapshot-tools-fedora-40-amd64.tar.gz
wget https://github.com/devzero-inc/dakr-operator/releases/latest/download/dakr-snapshot-tools-amazonlinux-2023-amd64.tar.gz
```
